Fix version and deprovision logic in Helm Broker (#4331)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/helm-broker/03-05-bundles-validation.md

---
title: Bundles validation
type: Details
---

> Checker is a tool that validates bundles in the [`bundles`](https://github.com/kyma-project/bundles) repository on every pull request. It checks whether all [required](#details-create-a-bundle) fields are set in your bundles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Checker is a tool that validates bundles in the [`bundles`](https://github.com/kyma-project/bundles) repository on every pull request. It checks whether all [required](#details-create-a-bundle) fields are set in your bundles.
```

> Checker also triggers the [helm lint](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/#helm-lint) command using `helm` in 2.8.2 version, which checks your bundles' charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Checker also triggers the [helm lint](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/#helm-lint) command using helm CLI in 2.8.2 version, which checks your bundles' charts.
```

> ### Run Checker locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run the Checker locally
```

> You can run the Checker locally to test if your bundles are valid. To run it locally use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the Checker locally to test if your bundles are valid:
```

```
go run components/helm-broker/cmd/checker/main.go {PATH_TO_YOUR_BUNDLES}
```

## Troubleshooting

> If some bundle does not meet the requirements, the Helm Broker won't expose it as a Service Class and it will put an information about this in the logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any bundle does not meet the requirements, the Helm Broker does not expose it as a Service Class. This situation is displayed in logs.
```

> To check logs from the Helm Broker, execute that commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check logs from the Helm Broker, run these commands:
```

> a---

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
---
```

title: Bundles validation
type: Details
---

The Helm Broker validates the bundles which fetches. If some bundle does not meet the requirements, the Helm Broker won't expose it as a Service Class and it will put an information about this in the logs.

To create a correct bundle follow the following rules:

> 1. The bundle **must** contains a `meta.yaml` file with non-empty values in the following fields:

Reviewer 2: I need to say that I really do not like that documentation.

We already have those sections:
https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/helm-broker#details-create-a-bundle-meta-yaml-file

there we have a table which has the column if the given filed is `required`.

by duplicating that we only generating new problem with making that always consistent. 

If that documentation is really required then imo we should add here only information about the checker script. E.g. 
- said that checker is validating if required fields are set + link to docs
- said that checker is executing the `helm lint` command and document from which helm version. (add then in Gopkg.toml add a comment above the helm dependency, that if you changing the version then change the value also in documentation).
- **maybe** add information how to execute checker locally against your bundle,
- **maybe** add information how to get logs from helm-broker in case that your bundle is not visible in Service Catalog

/cc @PK85

Author: I agree with you, that documentation was not needed I changed it as you proposed and now it makes more sense. Also added a section with troubleshooting and how to execute checker locally.
